hello everybody it's chibi today is
going to be a manga chapter review of
bleach now this chapter i'm just going
to be straight out honest it was a very
good chapter except it was very short
once again a very short chapter of
bleach like ah the first half of this
chapter like majority like the little
first quarter of this chapter it was
kind of useless gluttony you know killed
big al pretty much killed Miguel
devoured him and honestly that could
have been settled in last week's chapter
and so I felt like that entire section
at the beginning of this chapter was
just there to waste time honestly it was
because if you look at the actual pacing
of this chapter let's look at all the
events that go down the events that we
knew was already going to happen at the
end of lash Hatter gluttony kills Big L
after that we switch over to the entire
scene with you know up into the soul
palace which right there that actually
shocked me we actually got back to the
solar palace we got to see jew hak bak
actually wrecking people's faces and we
got to see a new starter introduced in
this chapter now this new starter I'm
just going to say this right now which
is very obvious it's wonder
what's that that freakin new standard or
a w standard w that is wonder what's
that is Wonder Weiss reincarnated and
there's his name wonder wash jr. or
Wonder applies reincarnated or Wonder
wise to tongue I don't know what I want
to call him yet but that is definitely
wonder wise because you have
this character that's just like Wonder
loss in the past that aizen used against
yamamoto remember how wonder wisest a
complete counter to everything well this
new Wonder wasps is pretty much going to
be just like that with how you know he's
blocking my abilities and stuff
and you get to see the zero division
just getting rekt this entire chapter
and you see how you know a bunch of you
know Shinigami can't do against him
so it's upsetting that Jew ha bulk
didn't fight in this chapter and he
wasn't fighting at all with the zero
division but it was actually this
standard or w wonder why senior so kind
of upset but the same time it's very
cool this new ability is very
Opie I mean very very very very Opie
because I mean it
like it manipulates win and you know you
can't attack at all like yourself for my
barrier so we're gonna need more
clarification on the abilities of this
new steinberger w now what I can say is
is the artwork of this chapter looks
really nice for the new character
scientist fashion new characters on of
wonder why she jr. the to tongue thing
that's definitely very weird i
wonder what the hell's going on in
Kubo's mind with this character design i
mean i know for that we're talking to
see something very weird like how he's
hiding a big al is that trap coon he's
had so many things like macho man with
the mask i mean there's been so many
weird characters on this year i won't be
shocked if this one is not weird also i
mean two tongues honestly seems rather
normal compared to the other things we
have seen from bleach fuss far from this
year so left the seat now I like the
chapter it was a good chapter if I
really have to write this chapter that
I'm gonna have to give it a six point
five or seven out of 10 because even
though there's some awesome things that
went down there wasn't something so
awesome that I mean obvious just fan
gassing overt or anything like that
she's because the pacing was just so
slow this chapter so tell me your
thoughts in the comments below I love
all of you so much you have a wonderful
day or not wherever you live please be
safe Chiddy out